Add new processor to processor pg (#467)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/run/processor-types.mdx

Illustration of segment H on a Falcon processor.

## Heron

![Heron processor icon](/images/run/processor-types/heron.svg)

Quantum volume: 512

> At 133 qubits, Heron is an [Eagle](#eagle)-sized upgrade to [Egret](#egret) that requires pulling in substantial innovations in signal delivery that were previously deployed in [Osprey](#osprey). The signals required to enable the fast, high-fidelity two-qubit and single-qubit control are delivered with high-density flex cabling.

Reviewer: IDK if we have any input here, but "requires pulling in" instead of "pulls in" seems weird to me

Author: I think I'll take that chance and make your suggestion :)

> At 133 qubits, Heron is an [Eagle](#eagle)-sized upgrade to [Egret](#egret) that requires pulling in substantial innovations in signal delivery that were previously deployed in [Osprey](#osprey). The signals required to enable the fast, high-fidelity two-qubit and single-qubit control are delivered with high-density flex cabling.

Author: ```suggestion
At 133 qubits, Heron is an [Eagle](#eagle)-sized upgrade to [Egret](#egret) that pulls in substantial innovations in signal delivery that were previously deployed in [Osprey](#osprey). The signals required to enable the fast, high-fidelity two-qubit and single-qubit control are delivered with high-density flex cabling.
```
